Feature combobox api (#55)
timelessco/chakra-components: docs/pages/combobox/index.mdx

# ComboBox

> An accessible ComboBox with single, multi & accessible select with typeahead &
> autocomplete support.

Author: ```suggestion
An accessible ComboBox Component with 
1. single
2. multi selectable 

with typeahead & autocomplete support. (Accessible in future)
```

Reviewer: Docs changes, I did not spend much time in writing the docs now. These changes are fine now. We can improve it later.

## Import

```js
import { ComboBox } from "@chakra-components/core";
```

## Usage

Here's a basic usage of the Select component.

```jsx
<ComboBox>

>   <ComboBoxLeftElement color="gray.300" fontSize="1.2em" children="$" />

Author: Am I doing something wrong ? When I add this in the sandbox I get

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/17434647/80621305-ba965b00-8a64-11ea-97e9-5cbd6c957c7c.png)

Should I need to position and resize manually ?

Reviewer: I can't seem to reproduce it. Updated the Codesandbox with ComboBoxLeftElement - https://codesandbox.io/s/combobox-lyth4

Author: Yes. It is working on local. Code sandbox was having some issue.

  <ComboBoxRightElement
    children={<Icon name="chevron-down" fontSize="1.5rem" />}
  />

>   <ComboBoxClearElement />

Author: TODO: I need to plugin clear here.

Reviewer: You need plugin clear? I did not understand your motive. Explanation?

Author: It was a TODO for me to fix this.
1. Close Icon when we type something
2. Preloader when a async search happens.
3. No icon when there is no text. I will try to achieve this in my async branch.

  const options = fruits.map((d, i) => ({
    value: d,
    label: d,
  }));

  const [fruit, setFruit] = React.useState(null);
  return (
    <>
      <ComboBox value={fruit} options={options} onChange={setFruit}>
        <ComboBoxRightElement
          children={<Icon name="chevron-down" fontSize="1.5rem" />}
        />
        <ComboBoxClearElement />
        <ComboBoxInput placeholder="Select a fruit..." />

>         <ComboBoxSelectedGhost />

Author: I think Ghost can be rendered automatically. May be through prop control we can avoid it. It should always be a ghost with the same font size, position of the text input. Composition is not required here.

Reviewer: Okay, I will change it, if this ghost element should always take the inputs props. We can only control it's render via prop.

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39694575/80667037-ac275e00-8abb-11ea-94dd-f4a57abb2b11.png)

Done. Ghost Element now receives typography & space props from Input.
